some strange fixes on the wall you'd be
ready this thank you rights this time
with a little bother me sir
okay and Akira mentioned this sushi
pizza he recommended that yeah I
wouldn't recommend it no no I would not
recommend the sushi pizza to anybody I
think it's a vile go to try the sushi
just
good luck I'm the green towel that
sounds nice and then let's end up with a
little bit of the salmon sashimi I think
that'd be enough you got some of the
best ease in the worst okay thank you
excellent some of the best and some of
the worst no one's a place to share
their opinion here we serve soup doesn't
taste very fresh spicy Thank You chef
your green tower thank you nice very
soul to that does that it is yeah yes
that's normal
thank you thank you so sprayer
[Music]
are you finished with the green tower
that is just pulled out of this and it's
disgusting her new doctor fish without
sorry I just wanted to just die bury my
head in the sand when that happened guys
there's the hair
in the green tower it's always like a
running joke like oh my god there's a
lot of things going wrong so Acura
disappears
you're such a we thank you
and is this salmon fresh yes thank you
[Music]
the salmon is freshly frozen it just
tastes like it's frozen how was your
session me
that's definitely frozen it's very very
true my mistake it was just a
four-player present they tasted frozen
isn't only the wave of freezing I guess
we get lazy with our food
[Music]
sushi pizza you've never been to
Japanese restaurant where I can have a
sushi style and chef/owner that's no
longer in the kitchen I'm nervous just
go with it okay that's the sushi pizza
it sure is
it's rice salmon crab and mayonnaise
some cheese major Japanese pizza
[Music]
[Applause]
rancid you arise that is an insult to
pizza and Japanese food chef had fair
warning that would be terrible
mmm I told him not to get it
where's the chef